kafka connector: add internal columns filter pushdown (#4805)
prestosql/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/kafka.rst

The following configuration properties are available:

========================================================== ==============================================================================
Property Name                                              Description
========================================================== ==============================================================================
``kafka.table-names``                                      List of all tables provided by the catalog
``kafka.default-schema``                                   Default schema name for tables
``kafka.nodes``                                            List of nodes in the Kafka cluster
``kafka.buffer-size``                                      Kafka read buffer size
``kafka.table-description-dir``                            Directory containing topic description files
``kafka.hide-internal-columns``                            Controls whether internal columns are part of the table schema or not
``kafka.messages-per-split``                               Number of messages that are processed by each Presto split, defaults to 100000

> ``kafka.timestamp-upper-bound-force-push-down-enabled``    Controls whether push down For topics using ``CreateTime`` mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``kafka.timestamp-upper-bound-force-push-down-enabled``    Controls if upper bound timestamp push down is enabled for topics using ``CreateTime`` mode
```

This property is optional; the default is ``etc/kafka``.

> ``kafka.timestamp-upper-bound-force-push-down-enabled``
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> 
> The upper bound predicate is pushed down only for topics using ``LogAppendTime``
> mode.
> 
> For topics using ``CreateTime`` mode, upper bound push down must be explicitly
> allowed via ``kafka.timestamp-upper-bound-force-push-down-enabled`` config property
> or ``timestamp_upper_bound_force_push_down_enabled`` session property.
> 
> This property is optional; the default is ``false``.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``kafka.timestamp-upper-bound-force-push-down-enabled``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The upper bound predicate on ``_timestamp`` column 
is pushed down only for topics using ``LogAppendTime`` mode.

For topics using ``CreateTime`` mode, upper bound push down must be explicitly
allowed via ``kafka.timestamp-upper-bound-force-push-down-enabled`` config property
or ``timestamp_upper_bound_force_push_down_enabled`` session property.

This property is optional; the default is ``false``.

```
